=== THANKS ===

Thank YOU so much for supporting a fellow developer just like you by purchasing this asset! Please feel free to visit my website: https://feargrieve.dev
Special thanks to my wonderful wife Vix and loyal pups Ozzy & Isla <3

=== CREDIT & LEGAL ===

This asset is provided as is under the Unity Technologies Asset Store EULA. Credit is not required to be given for any commercial product usage of this package however if you would like to, credit would be much appreciated as "Dominic Feargrieve - https://feargrieve.dev". Please include both name AND website URL. 

=== COMPATIBILITY ===

This asset has been developed and tested on Unity version 2022.3.12f1 but should work with any URP compatible Unity editor version. It is URP compatible ONLY and has been verified with 14.0.9 and with Shader Graph version 14.0.9. Your mileage may vary with newer or older versions of URP and Shader Graph and guarantee CANNOT be given for how well the asset works with later iterations of Unity, URP or Shader Graph.

=== SETUP ===

1. Open up the 'DEMOScene' folder and the scene within and press the Play button
2. This is an example of how the shader can be used, stop Unity and in the scene view open the 'Auroras' game object then navigate to one of the child objects 'AuroraPlane'.
3. Access the properties on the 'Aurora.mat' material and notice the shader assigned 'Aurora.shadergraph' - this is the core of the asset and the variables exposed in the shader are the aspects which can be customised to your needs.
	a. ColorMiddle - The color on the horizontal axis the middle part of the aurora will have, HDR available.
	b. ColorBottom - The color on the horizontal axis the bottom part of the aurora will have, HDR available.
	c. ColorTop - The color on the horizontal axis the top part of the aurora will have, HDR available.
	d. NoiseScale - The scale at which a procedurally generated noise texture is sampled affecting how many vertical divisions the aurora will appear to have.
	e. NoiseTiling - Controls the tiling amount of the noise.
	f. NoiseSpeed - Controls the tiling movement/animation of the noise texture. Set this only at a slow value on the Y axis with X set to 0.
	g. MaskTex - The texture which is sampled to provide a mask which isolates part of the aurora 'lines'. This is set to Unity's Default-Particle texture.
	h. MaskPower - Controls the strength of the above masking. A value of around 0.68 works best, set lower for larger, brighter and higher for smaller, dimmer effects.
	i. DissolvePower - Limits the overall strength of the noise texture coming through. A value around 1.46 works best.
	j. WobbleFreq - Controls the wave frequency amount by which the aurora plane animates on the X axis. Keep this at a very small amount for best outcomes i.e. 0.03.
	k. WobbleSpeed - Controls the speed at which the aurora planes undulate on the X axis.
	l. WobbleDistance - Controls the magnitude of the wave animation.
	m. WobbleAmount - Controls the overall amount of wobbling of the wave animation.
	n. SmoothstepBottomMiddleColors - Controls the amount the colors of the bottom and middle lerp/step towards each other. Keep this at X 0.2 and Y 1 for the best outcome.
	o. SmoothstepTopColor - Controls the amount the colors of the top and middle lerp/step towards each other. Keep this at X 0 and Y 1.34 for the best outcome.
	

=== SUPPORT ===

Any questions, feedback or issues can be reported to: domfeargrieve@gmail.com
I will do my best to reply in a timely manner but no assurance is given to the speed of the reply.

v1.0.0
Nov 2023